h1. Linkful

Linkful is designed to make sharing links easy. Instead of emailing your friends a ton of links, use the Linkful bookmarklet and let you friends recieve a pretty email at the end of the day with everything you've shared. It's better for everybody this way. 

h2. Cool Features

h3. Sexy Emails 

Get one email with all the links you have been sent. They have thumbnails, titles, and look much better than a raw link. We think You'll like them.

h3. Bookmarklet 

Never copy/paste a link again. Just click our bookmarklet and choose who you want to send the link to. 

h3. Automatic User Creation

If you send somebody a link, we create an account for them automatically. Soon we will begin to use these so that they can log in and start sending links right away, no registration required. 




h2. TODO:

# Make User groups
# Make emails come from sender@linkful.com, not Alex (lol)
# Make Bookmarklet have autocompleting drowpdown of names of groups you created or emails of people you have sent links to 
# Improve UI
# -When A link is submitted, submit GET request to the thumbnail url so it is queued for processing before user sees it-
# If not logged in, make bookmarlet redirect (in new tab) to login page
# Make bookmarklet more secure with hash and salt (see: https://lastpass.com/support.php?cmd=showfaq&id=1166)
# Add comments
# Make app recieve emails and parse for email/group name and link, then send accordingly
# Make one email per receiver regardless of many people sharing links with them. break down into groups of link by sender

h2. License

The MIT License : )
